Midoriya. Bakugo.
If you don't have a place to go,
would you like to join me
and work for the No. 1 Hero,
Endeavor, as interns?
Every student of U.A. High's Hero Course
must spend their winter break
doing internship.
Kacchan, Todoroki, and I went
to the No. 1 Hero Endeavor's agency
as interns.
Mineta, Kaminari, Sero, and Shiozaki
are having their internship
at The Lurkers' agency.
Kirishima, Tetsutetsu, and Amajiki
are working with Fat Gum.
While everyone is busy
with their internships
at the pro heroes' agencies, we…
are exhausted just by catching up
to Endeavor's speed.
And with that,
the first day of our internship ends.
Uraraka and Asui are having
their internship at Ryukyu's agency.
I bet they are having a tough time there.
My new costume has arrived!
It looks nice on you, Ochaco.
It suits you well, Uravity.
Thank you.
Why do you need a new costume?
Is there a reason for it? Please tell me.
Well…
What?
That's a secret!
A secret? Why? You sound so mysterious.
Everyone, you did well
on your first day of internship.
We're throwing you
a small welcoming party.
It looks delicious.
-Cheers!
The day is surprisingly delightful!
We'll proceed with the next news piece.
It's been a week
since the large-scale wildfire
started in Kaflin.
The wildfire is finally under control.
It's now known that
a fire broke out from a factory that
manufactured the illegal drug, Trigger,
during an accidental explosion.
"Trigger"?
I know about Trigger.
Do you mind if I explain?
Trigger is an illegal drug
that functions similar to Boost.
Yes.
It can amplify the power of Quirks
several times.
Just like Boost,
Trigger is widely available
in the Japanese market.
I hope the number goes down
with this accident.
As for the explosion,
the ingredients needed
to manufacture Trigger
were stolen from the warehouse.
Rumor has it, they were stolen
before the explosion.
So the factory explosion
was meant to sabotage any traces
and mislead the investigation.
Well, it's only a rumor.
Unregistered vessel, stop right there!
This is the Japanese territorial sea.
Foreign vessels
are not allowed to trespass!
Leave or get smashed!
Captain, you are provoking them.
I see.
Well, unregistered vessel,
please stop right there.
If you don't…
I'll be upset!
You're far from being cute.
They aren't looking at you either.
Captain, I spotted people on that ship.
What?
It's a smoke screen!
They blocked our view!
Multiple radar pings!
The smoke screen is mixed with chaffs.
Oki Mariner, full throttle!
Break through the smoke screen!
Aye, sir!
The man on that unregistered vessel
must have been using Trigger.
Yes.
Judging by the route they took,
it's likely they set out
from a port in Kaflin.
There are rumors about the explosion
at a Trigger factory.
Someone took the ingredients.
Could it be that ship is carrying them?
I caught the scent.
I can smell them from here.
We're almost out of the smoke screen.
The unregistered vessel is gone.
-There's no radar ping either.
-Damn.
It only took them seconds to escape.
Judging from their escape route…
They must be hiding somewhere
in the Verize Islands.
That could be a problem.
They have their Trigger.
But we also have cards up our sleeve.
The terrain of the Verize Islands
is complex.
We'll need to search from above too.
In that case…
Sirius, send the team-up request.
Which team should we send it to?
Number ten on the Billboard Chart,
Dragoon Hero: Ryukyu.
We have a team-up request, Ryukyu.
From whom?
It's from Sea Rescue Hero: Selkie.
A request from Mr. Selkie?
You used to work with him
during the workplace training, right?
What happened?
Uravity, Froppy, and Nejire Chan,
get ready.
Team Ryukyu is deploying.
-Yes!
VERIZE ISLANDS, PACIFIC OCEAN
Thank you for coming, Ryukyu.
Since the escaped vessel
could be smuggling Trigger,
I can't just sit out.
I'm happy to offer any assistance, Selkie.
I knew I could count on you.
Selkie feels happy!
He's not cute at all.
He's cute!
You haven't changed at all,
Captain Selkie.
How have you been, Froppy?
I'm doing great.
Thank you for the workplace training.
We're following the captain's orders.
Because we believe that
his order is the best course to take.
Believe in him, Froppy.
Believe the captain, and us!
Captain, Miss Sirius, you taught me
what's the most important value to a hero.
You've learned a lot since then.
I'm so…
I'm so touched!
He's not cute at all.
He's so cute.
By the way,
you got your provisional license.
-Congratulations.
-Thank you!
You can now hold your own
in this line of work.
I look forward to seeing
your performance, Froppy.
Yes, sir!
Now I'm sorry to say this.
Please head to the beach now.
Head to the beach and lift your spirit!
-Over here!
-I'm coming!
-What is this for?
-What's wrong with it?
The vessel smuggling Trigger
will only set out at night.
Being on high alert won't do us any good.
Take this!
They sure are having fun.
Everything feels so peaceful.
-I see what this is about now.
-What?
Heroes like ourselves
are always fighting against the villains
and fending off their evil schemes.
So you want them to know
the value of peace
and have the will to maintain peace.
Isn't that right?
This is the mental preparation
for our battle against evil.
The heroes and coast guards
have tightened security around here.
What should we do?
Should we contact our client?
No.
We must assume that all our communication
is being monitored.
They might see us with the satellite too.
So we will proceed as planned.
That's right.
We'll start after nightfall.
Get the Trigger ready.
It will come in handy
when things get intense.
OCHACO URARAKA
QUIRK: ZERO GRAVITY
REMOVES THE GRAVITY
OF ANYTHING SHE TOUCHES
TSUYU ASUI
QUIRK: FROG
GIVES HER A FROG'S PHYSIOLOGY
AND DO ANYTHING A FROG CAN
Nejire Chan and I will search from above.
Selkie, I leave Uravity and Froppy to you.
All right!
Get ready to set sail!
-Aye, sir!
Docking line, retracted!
Dead slow ahead.
Rear side, clear!
Right rudder!
All right! Oki Mariner, set sail!
-Let's get to work, Nejire Chan.
-Yes.
Dragoon Hero: Ryukyu.
Quirk: Dragon.
She has the ability to grow in size
and become a dragon.
The wings on her back give her
the ability to fly.
That is so cool!
Hero: Nejire Chan.
Quirk: Wave Motion.
She has the ability to convert
her vitality into energy blast waves.
By controlling the output of her blast,
she can fly too!
I'm counting on you, No. 10 Hero.
Sirius, check the Morse code messages.
Aye, sir!
Froppy, hang onto my back!
Yes, sir!
Sea Rescue Hero Selkie.
Quirk: Spotted Seal.
He can do whatever a spotted seal does.
He can even dive
to a depth of 1,500 meters
and utilize echolocation
to locate his enemies
when his sight is obstructed.
No anomaly was spotted
at the skerry ahead.
Nothing on the heat sensor either.
Proceed to the next location.
Aye, sir.
Ryukyu, how is it from the sky?
This is Ryukyu. Nothing unusual so far.
Please point me to the next location.
Roger. Proceed to Point 43 next.
Roger.
It's time. Get ready to set sail.
As soon as you spot the enemy,
unleash the smoke screen.
I know what to do.
Here it comes. A message from the captain.
Sirius. Quirk: Good Ear.
She can hear high-frequency sounds
a normal human can't hear.
The smuggler's ship is at Point 57!
The captain is right after them.
To the left!
Point 57, roger.
-Nejire Chan.
-Yes.
Don't fall behind.
What?
We've been spotted!
What? Where?
I don't see a ship on the radar.
They are in the sky!
The sky?
There's a radar ping!
The patrol ship is right ahead!
That's a large smoke screen.
Target is using a smoke screen!
Multiple radar pings!
It's the chaffs!
Just as we had planned.
What is this?
Are they on our ship?
But where?
No. How did they get on here?
That's because I'm a seal!
Froppy, stay here and standby.
Yes, sir.
What was that noise? What's going on?
Damn you! How did you get in?
Selkie Punch!
I've taken control of the wheelhouse.
-Yes!
Ryukyu, do you roger?
Roger.
I can see the target from here.
I'll provide Selkie with cover from above.
Ryukyu, look! Behind the ship!
Is that the main vessel?
They are getting away.
We mistook it for the cargo!
Froppy!
Pursue the aircraft, Ryukyu!
I'm all right.
That plane is flying too fast.
Curse it! Is there nothing we can do?
Captain.
It's not your style to give up so easily.
There is another way
to catch up to them!
Uravity, are you ready?
Yes.
Let's have fun at the beach again
when the mission is over.
I would love to have more BBQ!
Roger!
Let's go!
Not like the other day…
I can't charge recklessly.
I must think it through.
I must make myself useful!
I must…
What?
Gunhead Martial Arts!
Gravity Plus!
Well…
What should I do now?
Okay!
What's going on?
Uravity!
Pull the steering!
No! The plane is losing altitude!
Ochaco, get out of there!
Ochaco!
I can't!
If this plane crashes into the sea,
the cargo will contaminate the sea.
These drugs will destroy the ecosystem!
Uravity! Make the plane weightless!
But it's too heavy!
I can't make it completely weightless!
Are you going to give up now?
No, I won't give up!
-Nejire Chan!
-Right!
Full-charge, output: 90%!
Gring Wave!
Uravity, now!
I'm not giving up so easily!
Great! She made it!
The plane landed safely.
Ryukyu is safe too.
But Uravity is a little sick.
Ryukyu secured the cargo.
They really are ingredients used
to make drugs.
That concludes our mission.
Mission accomplished.
According to the police's investigation,
the vessel was only responsible
for the transportation.
The smuggler had no idea
what the materials were for.
Their client used a fake name.
They don't know
where the client is either.
I see.
But there's one thing we know for sure.
The smugglers only knew
the destination was Otheon.
Otheon? That country in Europe?
We don't know what they planned
to do in Otheon,
but we intercepted their operation.
I guess we have to say…
That's good enough!
You're not cute at all.
I know. I've noticed that lately.
But there's nothing wrong with that.
Let's enjoy the temporary peace
we have here.
I see. The heroes interrupted our plan.
What should we do?
It doesn't matter.
I have enough for our operation.
Well, let's put it to work.
Get ready to save humanity.
Next episode…
As we have our internship
at Endeavor's agency,
we must face the issues we have at hand.
We witness Endeavor's
heroic feats every day, but now,
new issues have surfaced.
Endeavor invited us to his home.
Next episode,
"The Hellish Todoroki Family."
I think Todoroki has elder siblings.
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!